I don't know what else the prince has to do with his concubines before leaving
The king wants to lend you something
Ha ha.
The concubine is now impermanent
I don't know what else to lend to the prince
It will kill you, of course!
Hahaha, what do you want?
Faint king forced to rape mother concubine
The princess could not bear the humiliation and jumped into the river to commit suicide and attack the unconscious king
What a life it is.
Daughter-in-law, you are so cruel
Breeze, you have to die
How dare you scold me?
OK
Throw this stinky bitch into the moat for me
Breeze breeze hahaha
You're awake
Why did you save me?
After all, we are also a one-night couple
I don't want to dream of turning over your Ming Dynasty
You came to laugh at me too
Life is alive
Who hasn't met a few scums yet
There is a kind of love called release
let go
And?
You still have me?